Add custom nvm setup on cluster to FAQ (#1086)
epfml/disco: docs/FAQ.md

1. Temporarily disable the firewall. If npm works, the firewall is the cause.  
2. Identify the specific firewall rule that is blocking npm and adjust it.  
3. Make sure your firewall allows outbound HTTPS (port 443) connections to `registry.npmjs.org`.

> ### Custom `nvm` Setup on Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom `nvm` setup on EPFL's RCP Cluster
```

> This guide explains how to install and use `nvm` in a cluster environment with persistent storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to install and use `nvm` on EPFL's RCP cluster environment with the MLO lab's persistent storage. We assume that you are following the [lab's workflow](https://github.com/epfml/getting-started) and are using `zsh`.
```
